Line editing for Data Types document (#903)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/tutorials/lg_00_data_types_and_matching.md

(true, 0., 0.45, 0.73, "french blue")
```

> We have records, which are like labeled tuples. They are sequences, like lists, defined by writing a
> type definition giving a name for the record and names for each of its fields,
> including their types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have records, which are like labeled tuples. In tuples, a field sits at some place: first, second, third, etc. In records, a field has a name; order is no longer relevant. Therefore, a record definition is a set of field name and type:
```

val birthday : person -> unit = <fun>
```

> Please note: in the above example, we used the UK spelling of *colour*, but it will also
> work with the US spelling *color*.
> 

Reviewer 2: I think emphasizing that either US or UK spelling works is probably less helpful than emphasizing that "colour" is just the name of the type and we could choose any name for the type (though, it helps to choose a name that helps you remember what kind of data the type intends to formalize). Point being that we don't want people to wonder about UK or US english, but instead understand that it's just a name.

```suggestion
Please note: in the above example, we chose "colour" as the name of a type that holds RGB-values. If you wanted to, you could also use the US spelling "color".
```

which follows the `when`, and it means that the pattern match only happens if
the pattern matches *and* the condition in the `when`-clause is satisfied.

The second feature is the `=` operator, which tests for "structural equality"
between two expressions. That means it goes recursively into each expression,
checking they're exactly the same at all levels.

> Another useful feature when building more complicated nested patterns
> is the `as` keyword, which can be used to name part of an expression. For

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another useful feature for building more complicated nested patterns
is the `as` keyword, which can be used to name part of an expression. For
```

example:

> 

Reviewer 2: I would change

<!-- $MDX skip -->
```ocaml
Name ("/DeviceGray" | "/DeviceRGB" | "/DeviceCMYK") as n -> n

Node (l, ((k, _) as pair), r) when k = k' -> Some pair
```

to

<!-- $MDX skip -->
```ocaml
| Name ("/DeviceGray" | "/DeviceRGB" | "/DeviceCMYK") as n -> n

| Node (l, ((k, _) as pair), r) when k = k' -> Some pair
```

as there is a more clear visual reference to these being part of a pattern match.

In this instance, it is fine that it is not directly copyable to a REPL, I think.

However, we need to figure out a good way to reliably link to exercises from within the tutorials, or to have links to pre-filled playgrounds that illustrate the concept in such a way that the reader can tinker with the code. These examples focus on something very specific that isn't fully defined in the text.

Author: I changed that as suggested. I like that idea of linking to something where they can play with the code!
